Hey, Max.
Hey, hey.
Hello.
Well, welcome to the YouTube channel and in just a moment to the podcast.
And everyone out there, if you're watching, please put your thoughts and comments into
the live chat and we'll try to make it part of the show if you're watching afterwards.
Well, no live chat, but thanks for watching.
And with that, Max, welcome to Talk 5th Enemy.
Well, it's good to be back on the show.
- No, I know it's live too, so no mistakes.
I'm gonna try to not say anything outrageous.
- People get the unfiltered versions, though.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Other people come check out the live show.
Yeah, so welcome back.
It's been a little while since you were on the show,
about since September.
We talked about supersets.
We also talked a little bit about Airflow,
some of the stuff that you've been working on.
And now we're kind of circling back
through this data side of things,
but trying to bring AI into the whole story.
So pretty cool project
I'm looking forward to talking to you about.
- Awesome, excited to talk about it too.
And these things are related in many ways.
Like one common foundation is Python.
Like a lot of these projects are in Python.
They're data related.
And here, prompt demise and prompt engineering
and integrating AI is related in a way
that we're building some AI features into super set right now
and into preset so it ties things together in some ways.
- Yeah, I can certainly see a lot of synergy here.
So I guess before we dive into it,
it hasn't been that long since you were on the show,
but give us a quick update,
just a bit about your background
for people who don't know you before
and what you've been up to.
- Yeah, so my career is a career of like maybe 20 or so
years in data building, doing data engineering, trying to make data useful for organizations.
Over the past decade or so, I've been very involved in open source.
I started Apache Airflow in 2014.
So for those not familiar with Airflow, though it's pretty well known now, it's used at,
I heard, I think it's like tens of thousands, I think above 100,000 companies are using
Apache Airflow, which is kind of insane to think about.
like you started a little project. So for me, I started this project at Airbnb and it
really took off. And I think it's just like great called a project community fit. Like
people really needed that. It was the right abstraction for people at the time and still
today. And it just really took off. So I was working on orchestration and then I was like,
I just love things that are visual and interactive. So there was no great open source BI tool
all their business intelligence. So the sole data, data, dashboarding, exploration,
SQL IDE. So it's a playground for people trying to understand and visualize and explore data.
So I started working on Apache SuperSend in 2000, I think it was like 15 or 16 at Airbnb too. And we
also brought that to the Apache Software Foundation. So again, like a very, very popular
open source project that's used in like tens of thousands, a hundred thousand organizations or so.
And today, it has become a super great open source alternative to Tableau, Looker,
like all those business intelligence tool is very viable for organizations.
And then quick, quick plug that preset I started a company, I started some,
also an entrepreneur, I started a company a little bit more than four years ago around
Apache Superset. And the idea is to bring Superset to the masses. So it's really like hosted,
manage state-of-the-art Apache Super Set for everyone
with some bells and whistles.
So the best Super Set you can run,
there's a free version too.
So you can go and play and try it,
today gets started in five minutes.
So it's a little bit of a commercial pointer,
but also very relevant to what I've been doing,
personally over the past three or four years.
- Sure, it's some of the inspiration
for some of the things we're gonna talk about as well,
and trying to bring some of the AI craziness
back to products, right?
from an engineering perspective, not just a,
"Hey, look, I asked what basketball team was gonna,
"you know, win this year."
And it gave me this answer, right?
- It's like, and I, caveats,
I don't know anything that happened since 2021.
So AI, or, I mean, OEM AI specifically,
Bart is a little bit better at that,
but it's like, you know,
the last thing I read off of the internet
was in fall 2021.
Gosh, it makes some things a little bit challenging.
But yeah, so we're looking, we're building, you know,
AI features into preset, you know,
as a commercial open source company,
we need to build some differentiators too from supersets.
We contribute a huge amount, like maybe 50, 80%
of the work we do at preset is contributed back to superset,
but we're looking to build differentiators.
And we feel like AI is a great kind of commercial
differentiator too on top of superset
that makes people even more interested to come
and run preset too, so.
- Yeah, excellent.
And people, you say they were popular projects,
like Airflow has 30,000 stars,
Apache SuperSet has 50,000 stars,
which puts it on par with Django and Flask
for people sort of mental models out there,
which is, I would say it's pretty well known.
So awesome.
- Yeah, stars is kind of vanity metric in some ways, right?
Not necessarily usefulness or value delivery,
but it's a proxy for popularity and hype, you know?
So it gives a good sense and I think I get 50,000 stars if you look at,
it's probably in the top 100 of GitHub projects.
If you remove the top 100, there's a lot of documentations and
guides and things that are not really open source projects.
It's probably like top 100 open source project-ish in both cases.
>> Right.
>> It's really cool.
It's like you start a project and you don't know whether it's gonna take off and
and it's like, wow, it's just nice to see that.
- Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, on one hand it's nice,
but it doesn't necessarily make it better.
But it does mean there's a lot of people using it.
There's a lot of polish.
There's a lot of PRs and stuff that have been submitted
to make it work.
A lot of things that can plug into, right?
So there's certainly a value
for having a project popular versus unpopular.
- Oh my God, yes.
And I would say one thing is,
all the secondary assets outside of the core projects
documentation, and there will be a lot of like use cases and testimonials and
reviews and people bending the framework in various ways and forks and plugins.
Another thing too that people I think don't really understand the value of in
software and open sources or I'm sure people understand the value but it's not
talked about it's just a whole battle-tested thing like when something
has run at thousands of organizations in production for a long time.
There's a lot of things that happen in a software that are very, very valuable for the incremental
organization adopting it.
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, let's talk large language models for a second.
So AI means different things to different people, right?
And they kind of get carved off as they find some kind of productive productized use.
AI is this general term and like, oh, machine learning is now a thing that we've done or
computer vision is a thing we've done.
And the large language model, they're sort of starting to find their own special space.
So maybe we could talk a bit about a couple of examples just so people get a sense.
To me, ChatGPT seems like the most well-known.
What do you think?
- Yeah, I mean, well, I'll say if you think about
what is a large language model,
what are some of the leaps there?
And I'm not an expert,
so I'm gonna try to not put my foot in my mouth,
but some things that I think are interesting.
A large language model is a big neural network
that is trained on a big corpus of text.
I think one of the big leaps we've seen
as unsupervised learning.
So like really often like in machine learning in the past
or pre-LLMs, we would have very specific
like training set and outcomes we were looking for.
And then the training data would have to be
really structured.
Here, what we're doing with large language models
is feeding a lot of, huge corpus of text
and what the large language model is trying to do
or resolve is to chain words, right?
is trying to predict the next word,
which seems like you would be able to put words together
that kind of makes sense,
but like you wouldn't think that consciousness,
not just like consciousness,
but intelligence would come out of that,
but somehow it does, right?
Like if you chain, it's like, if you say,
you know, "Hupty Dutty sits on A,"
it's really clear it's gonna be wall,
you know, the next word.
But if you push this idea much further
with a very large corpus of like human knowledge,
somehow there's some really amazing stuff
that does happen on these artistic language models.
And I think that realization happened around,
you know, Chad, at GPT-3, 3.5 getting pretty good
and then at four, we're like, oh my God,
this stuff can really kind of seems like it can think
or be smart or be very helpful.
- Yeah, the thing that I think impresses me the most
about these is they seem,
and people can tell me it's statistics
and I'll believe them,
but it seems like they have an understanding
of the context of what they're talking about
more than just predicting like Humpty Dumpty sat on the what?
It sat on the wall, right?
Obviously that's what was likely to come next
when you see that set of words.
But there's an example that I like to play with,
which I copied here.
I'll give it a little thing.
I'll say, "Hey, here's a program, Python program.
I'm gonna ask you questions about it.
Let's call it Arrow."
And it's like this highly nested program
that function that tests whether something's a platypus.
I saw this example somewhere and I thought,
"Okay, this is pretty cool."
But it has this, if it's a mammal,
then if it has fur, then if it has a beak,
then if it has a tail,
and you can just do stuff that's really interesting.
Like I'll ask it to a...
- Is bird or something like that or.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, rewrite it,
write it using guarding clauses to be not nested, right?
- Oh yeah.
- Right, and it'll say, sure, here we go.
And instead of being, if this, then nest,
if this, then if this, it'll do, if not,
if not return false, right?
Which is really cool.
And that's kind of a pretty interesting one,
but like, this is the one,
this is the example that I think is crazy.
is rewrite arrow to test for crocodiles.
- They're using what people would call a one shot,
a few shot example of like,
hey, here's an example of the kind of stuff I might want.
There's some different ways to do that,
but it's a pattern in prompt engineering
where you'll say you have a zero shot,
one shot, a few shot examples we could get into.
But it does feel like it understands the code, right?
Like what you're trying to do.
- Right, just for people listening, it said,
okay, here's a function isCrocodile.
If not self.isReptile, if not self.hasScales,
these are false examples, right?
If it has four legs and a long snout, it can swim, right?
Like it rewrote the little tests and stuff, right?
In a way, that seems really unlikely
that it's just predicting just likelihood
'cause it's never seen anything like this really,
which is really, it's pretty mind-blowing, I think.
- Or it had, like it read the entire internet
and all of GitHub and that kind of stuff.
So it has seen similar things.
The thing that's mind boggling is just like,
when you think about what it did there
is it read the entire conversation so far,
your input prompt,
and it has like a system prompt ahead of time
that says, you know, your ChatGPT,
try to be helpful to people.
And here's a bunch of things that you should
or should not stay, you're non-biased,
you try to be concise and good and virtuous.
And people have found all sorts of jailbreaks out of that.
But all it does from that point on
is try to predict the next word,
which is kind of insane that it gets to,
the amount of structure that we see here.
- Right, right.
That's a lot of structure there, right?
So pretty impressive.
And ChatGPT is starting to grow.
You know, you've got version four
and you can start using some of the plugins.
It's gonna keep going crazy there.
Other examples are simply just released Lemur,
which is a large language model,
but really focused on transcribing speech,
which I think is kind of cool.
Microsoft released Microsoft Security Co-Pilot,
which is a large language model to talk about things
like Nginx misconfiguration and stuff like that.
There's just a lot of stuff out there
that's coming along here, right?
A lot of thousands of words coming in type of thing.
- On the open source front too,
- There's all ethical thing like should everyone
and anyone have access to open source models doing that
while we don't really understand.
We probably shouldn't get into the ethics
part of the debate here
'cause that's a whole series of episodes
we probably won't wanna get into.
But what's interesting is,
Databricks came up with a model for what's called
Figures, came up with one called Lama
and they open source and or the weight.
So you have the model topology with the pre-trained weights.
In some cases, there's open source corpus of training
that are also coming out and are also open source.
So that means like, and these open source models
are somewhat competitive or increasingly competitive
with GPT-4, yeah, which is kind of crazy.
And some of them I don't, or where GPT-4 has limitations,
they break through these limitations.
So one thing that's really important
as a current limitation of the GPT models and LLMs
is the prompt window, the token prompt window.
So basically when you ask a question,
it's been trained and has machine learn with data up to,
I think in the case of GPT 3.5 or 4,
it's the corpus of training goes all the way to fall 2021.
So if you ask like, who is the current president
of the United States, it just doesn't know,
or it will tell you as of 2021, it is this person.
But so if you're trying to do tasks,
like what I've been working on,
we'll probably get into later in the conversation
is trying to generate SQL.
It doesn't know your table.
So you have to say like,
hey, here's all the tables in my database.
Now, can you generate SQL that does X on top of it?
And that context window is limited and increasing.
and increasing, but some of these open source models
have different types of limitations.
They might have like 2x, 4x, 5x, 10x,
you know, 10x the limitation that GPT-4 might have.
- Right, it's interesting to ask the questions, right?
But it's more interesting
from a software developer's perspective of,
can I teach it a little bit more
about what my app needs to know
or what my app structure is, right?
in your case, I want to use SuperSet
to ask the database questions.
But if I'm gonna bring in AI,
it needs to understand the database structure
so that when I say, "Help me do a query to do this thing,"
it needs to know what the heck to do, right?
- The table, it needs to know,
so there's this stuff it knows and this stuff it can't know.
And some of it goes, is related to the fact
that whether this information is gonna public on the internet
whether it has happened to be trained against it.
And then if it's in private,
there's just no hope that it would know about,
you know, your own internal documents
or your database structure.
So in our case, it speaks SQLs very, very well.
So as we get into this example,
like how to get GPT to generate good SQL
in the context of a tool like SuperSET or SQL lab,
which is our SQL IDE.
So it knows how to speak SQL super well.
It knows the different dialects of SQL very, very well.
It knows its functions, its dates functions,
which a lot of the SQL,
and like the engineers only call it like,
yeah, I can never remember
like what Postgres date diff function is,
but at GPT or GPT models,
just it knows SQL, it knows the dialects,
it knows the mechanics of SQL,
it understands data modeling, foreign keys,
joins, primary, all this stuff it understands.
It knows nothing about your specific database,
the schema names and the table names
and the column names that they might be able to use.
So that's where we need to start providing some context
and this context window is limited.
So it's like, how do you use that context well
or as well as possible?
And that's the field and some of the ideas behind it
is prompt crafting and prompt engineering,
which we can get into once we get there,
maybe we're there already.
- Yeah, yeah, well, yeah, I think where I see
this stuff going is from this general purpose knowledge
starting to bring in more private or personal
or internal type of information, right?
Like our data about our customers is like structured
like this in a table and here's what we know about them.
Now let us ask questions about our company
and our thing, right?
And it's like starting to make inroads
in that direction, I think.
- Yeah, one thing to know about is,
there's different approaches to teach
or provide that context.
So one would be to build your own model from scratch, right?
And that's pretty prohibitive.
So you'd have to find the right corpus.
And instead of starting with a model that knows SQL
and needs to know your table and context,
you have to start from zero and very prohibitive.
Another one is you start from a base model
at some point of some kind.
There's a topology, so there's different layers
and number of neurons and it knows some things
and then you load up some weights that are open source
and then you say, I'm gonna tune this model
to teach it my database schemas
and basically my own corpus of data.
So it could be your data dictionaries,
could be your internal documents,
it could be your GitHub code, your dbt projects.
If you have one of your Airflow DAGs,
be like, I'm gonna dump all this stuff in the model
that will get baked into their neural network itself.
That's doable, pretty prohibitive in this era.
If you have the challenge that we have at Preset,
which is we have multiple customers with different schemas,
we can't have spillover.
So you have to train a model for each one of our customers
and serve a model for each one of our customers.
So still pretty prohibitive.
And a lot of people fall back on this third or fourth method
that I would call prompt engineering,
which is I'm gonna use the base model,
the open AI API or just an API on LLM.
And then I will, if no SQL already,
I'll just say, hey, here's a bunch of tables
that you might wanna use.
Can you generate SQL on top of it?
So then that's just a big request with a lot of context.
Then we have to start thinking about
maximizing the use of that context window
to pass the information that's most relevant
within the limits allowed by the specific model.
And that starts to get into reproducibility,
accuracy, and just those limitations,
which is kind of an engineering type of thing.
- Yeah, and then maybe a topic too,
and this conversation is based on a recent blog post
and the flow, just going back to the flow of that blog post,
we started by establishing the premise
that everyone is trying to bring AI
into their product today.
Thousands of product builders are currently exploring ways
to harness the power of AI in the products
and experiences they create.
That's the premise for us with text to SQL
and SQL lab as part of superset and preset.
But I don't know, like if you think of any product,
any startup, any SaaS product you use,
if you work at HubSpot today,
you're trying to figure out how to leverage AI
to build, you know, sales chatbots or SDR chatbots.
So everyone everywhere is trying to figure that out.
And the challenge is, I guess, very probabilistic
in a different interface to anything we know.
You know, engineers would be like,
oh, let's look at an API and leverage it.
And APIs are very, very deterministic in general.
AI is kind of wild beast to tame.
(laughs)
You ask, first the interface is language, not code.
And then what comes back
is like semi-probabilistic in nature.
- And it could change underneath you.
It's a little bit like web scraping in that regard.
That like, it does the same, it does the same.
And then, you know, something out there changed,
not your code, and then a potentially different behavior
comes back, right?
Because they may have trained another couple of years,
refined the model, switched the model,
changed the default temperature, all these things.
- Yeah, there's a lot that can happen there.
One thing I noticed, like starting to work
with what I would call prompt crafting,
which is, you know, you work with ChatGPT
and you craft different prompt with putting emphasis
in a place or another or changing the order of things
or just changing a word, right?
Just say like important exclamation point,
capitalize the words, you know, the reserve words in SQL.
And then just the fact that you put
important exclamation point, you know,
will make it do it or not do it.
Changing from a model to another.
So one thing that's great is the model,
like they said, OpenAI are,
they are immutable as far as I know.
But like if you use GPT-3.5 Turbo, for instance,
that's just one train model.
I believe that that is immutable.
The chatbot on top of it might get fine-tuned
and change over time, but the model is supposed to be static.
You mentioned temperature,
be kind of interesting to just mention
for those who are not familiar with that.
So when you interact with AI,
one of the core parameters is temperature.
And it's, I think it's a value from zero to one,
or I'm not sure if, you know, how exactly you pass it,
but it basically defines how creative you want,
you wanna let the AI be.
Like how, if you put it to zero,
you're gonna have something more deterministic.
So asking the same question should lead to a similar
or the same answer, though not in my experience.
It feels like it should, but it doesn't.
But then if you put a higher, it will get more creative.
Talk more about like how that actually
seemed to work behind the scene.
- Yeah, well, that variability seems to show up more
in the image-based ones.
So for example, this article, this blog post that you wrote,
you have this image here and you said,
oh, and I made this image from mid-journey.
I've also got some examples of a couple that I did.
Where did I stick them?
Somewhere, here we go.
Where I asked, just for YouTube thumbnails,
I asked Midjourney for a radio astronomy example
that I can use, 'cause here's one that's not encumbered
by some sort of licensing, but still looks kinda cool
and is representative, right?
And there, it's like massive difference.
I'm not sure how much difference I've seen.
I know it will make some,
but I haven't seen as dramatic of a difference
on like ChatGPT versus imagery.
Yeah.
- Yeah, I'm not sure exactly how they introduced
the variability on the generative images AI.
I know it's like this multi-dimensional space
with a lot of words and a lot of images in there.
And then it's probably like where the location point
of that, they randomize that point
in that multi-dimensional space.
For Chagipiti, it's pretty easy to reason about,
and I might be wrong on this, again, I'm not an expert,
but you know how the way it works is it writes,
it takes the prompt,
and then it comes up with the next word sequentially.
So for each word, for the next word,
so Humpty Dumpty sat on A,
it might be wall at 99%,
but like there might be 1% of fence or something like that.
And if you up the temperature,
there's, it's more likely to pick the non first word
and that probably less,
it probably do in a weighted way,
like it's possible that I take a second
or the third word randomly.
And then of course it's gonna get a tree or decision tree.
Once it picks the words, the next word is also changes.
So as you up that, it goes down path
that sends it into more creative or the right.
- Right.
- Yeah, a little butterfly effect.
Makes a different choice here,
and then it sends it down through the graph.
Interesting.
So one thing that you really pointed out here,
and I think is maybe worth touching on a bit,
is this idea of prompt engineering.
There's even places like learnprompting.org
that try to teach you how to talk to these things.
And you make a strong distinction between prompt crafting
or just talking to the AI
versus really trying to put an engineering focus on it.
Do you wanna talk about the differentiation?
- Yeah, I think it's a super important differentiation,
but one that I'm proposing, right?
So I don't think that people have settled
as to what is one or what is the other.
I think I saw a Reddit post recently that was like,
prompt engineering is just a load of crap.
Like, you know, anyone can go,
'cause they thought their understanding
of prompt engineering was like,
oh, you know, you fine tune or you craft your prompt
and you say like, you are an expert AI
working on creating molecules, now can you do this?
And then by doing that, you might get a better outcome.
Or one really interesting thing that people
have been doing in prompt crafting that
seemed to have a huge impact on-- there's
been paper written on this specific just hint or craft
tweak is let's proceed step by step.
So basically, whatever the question is that you are asking
is specifically around like more mathematicals
or like things that require more systematic
step-by-step thinking.
The whole like, just like, let's think, let's expose this
or let's go about it step-by-step makes it much better.
So here you might be able to, well, so, you know,
if you had an example where ChatGPT-3 failed
or ChatGPT-4 failed, you could just say,
Colin, let's go step-by-step
and it might succeed that time around.
- Right, maybe you can get it to help you understand
instead of just get the answer, right?
Like factor this polynomial into its primary,
you know, solutions or roots or whatever.
And you're like, okay, show me,
don't just show me the answer, show me step by step
so I could understand and try to learn
from what you've done, right?
- Yeah, I mean, if you think about how the way
that it's trying to come up with a new word,
if all it does is a language-based answer
to a mathematical question, like how many days
are there between this date and that date?
There's no, that specific example might not exist
or it's kind of complicated for it to go about it.
But if you say let's think step by step,
okay, there's this many months,
this month's duration is this long,
there's this many days since the beginning of that month,
I might get it right that time around.
- Right, or if it fails, you could pick up partway along
where it has some more.
- Yeah, you know, and then you can trace,
I mean, just you too, like, I think, you know,
one thing is like, you should be extremely careful
as like taking for granted that it's right all the time,
you know, so that means like,
it also helps you review its process
and where it might be wrong.
But back to crafting versus engineering.
So crafting would be the process that I think
is more attached to a use ChatGPT every day,
the same way that, you know, we've been trained
at Googling, you know, over the past like two decades.
You use quotes, you use plus and minus,
and you know which keywords to use intuitively,
where it's gonna get confused or not.
So I think prompt crafting is a different version of that
that's just more worthy.
And if you're working with the AI to try to assist you,
write your blog post,
or to try to assist you in any task really,
just to be smart about how you bring the context,
how you tell it to proceed, goes a very, very long way.
So that's what I call prompt crafting,
call it like one-off cases.
- Kind of what people do when they're interacting
with the large language model.
- I think so, right?
Like it's not evident for a lot of people
who are exploring the edge of where it fails
and they love to see it fail.
And then they don't think about like,
oh, what could I have told it to get the answer
I was actually looking for?
Like, ah, I got you wrong.
You know, it's as if I bad, bad actor in a conversation.
of like, ah, you're wrong and I told you so.
You know, so I think there's a lot of that online,
but I think for all these examples that I've seen,
I'm really tempted to take the prompt that they had
and then give it an instruction or two or more
and then figure out how to get it
to come up with the right thing.
So prompt crafting, super important skill.
You know, you could probably get a boost of,
for most knowledge information workers,
you'll get a boost of 50% to 10X
for a lot of the tasks you do every day
if you use AI well.
So it's a great personal skill to have.
Go and develop that skill if you don't.
Prop engineering, in my case, I'm like,
you're building something,
you're using an AI as an API behind the scene.
You want to pass it a bunch of relevant contexts,
really specify what you want to get out of it.
Maybe you even want to get a structured output, right?
You might want to get a JSON blob out of it.
You say, return a JSON blob with the following format.
So it's more structured.
So then to give all these instructions,
there's this idea of providing few shots too.
You might be storing context in a vector database.
I don't know if we're getting ahead to that today,
but there are ways to kind of structure
and organize your potential embeddings
or the things you want to pass as context.
So there's a lot here.
I think somewhere too, I talk about prompt engineering.
If we'd scroll in the blog posts,
like what is in prompt engineering,
it will list the kind of things.
it might be higher in the post.
Sorry, we're scrolling for people.
(laughing)
I just wanna introduce what is prompt engineering?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Well, no, it's above this section,
above, so Mickey, you scroll at the beginning,
like what is prompt engineering?
- Yeah, here you go.
- Oh yeah, right here, the definition of,
this is ChadsGPT's version of it.
So when you do prompt engineering, you can add context,
which that means that you're gonna have to retrieve context
maybe from a database, from a user session,
from your Redux store if you're in the front end, right?
So you're gonna go and fetch the context that's relevant
in context of the application,
at least while building products.
Specify an answer format.
You could just say, yes, I just want a yes or no,
a Boolean, I want a JSON blob with not only the answer,
but your confidence on that answer or something like that.
Limiting scope, asking for pros and cons,
incorporating verification or sourcing.
So that's more, if you iterate on a prompt,
you're gonna be rigorous about,
is this prompt better than the previous prompt I had?
If I pass five rows of sample data
while doing text to SQL, does it do better than if I,
or does it do more poorly than if I pass 10 rows
of sample data or provide a certain amount
of column level statistics?
So prompt engineering is not just from crafting.
It is like bringing maybe the scientific method to it,
bring some engineering of like fetching the right context
and organizing it well, and then measuring the outcome.
- Right, exactly.
Something that comes out, you can measure and say,
this is 10% better by my metric than it was before
with this additional data, right?
That's a big difference.
- Right, and then there's so many things moving, right?
Like, and everything is changing so fast in the space.
So you're like, oh, well, ChatGPT-5 is out,
or GPT-4 Turbo is half the price and then just came out.
Now I'm just gonna move to that.
They're like, wait, is that performing better?
Or what are the trade-off?
Or even I'm gonna add, I'm gonna move this section,
asking for a certain JSON format above this other section.
I'm gonna write important exclamation point, do X.
Does that improve my result?
as I mess it up and which one of my test case perhaps
that succeeded before fails now
and which one failed before succeeds now.
So it can be like, is that a better
or worse iteration towards my goal?
- Right, right.
Kind of bringing this unit testing TDD mindset.
- Yes, yes.
So that's what we're getting deeper into the blog post.
Right, so the blog post is talking about
bring this TDD, the test-driven development mindset
to prompt engineering, right?
And there's a lot of things that are in common.
You can take and apply and kind of transfer just over,
but there are some things to that breakdown
that are fundamentally different
between testing a prompt or working with AI
and working with just a bit more deterministic
code testing type framework.
- Yeah, yeah, for sure.
So you called out a couple of reasons
of why TDD is important for prompt engineering.
Maybe we could run through those.
- Yeah, so the first thing is the AI model
is not a deterministic things,
or you use a modern API or a GraphQL REST API.
The format of what you ask is extremely clear
and then the format of what you get back
is usually defined by a schema.
It's like very deterministic, pretty guaranteed
that you do the same request,
so you get the same output ish, or at least format.
With AI, that's not the case, right?
So it's much more unpredictable and probabilistic by nature.
Second one is handling complexity.
So AI systems are complex, black boxy,
kind of unpredictable too.
So embrace that and assume that you might get something
really creative coming out of there for better or for worse.
And then reducing risk, like you're shipping product,
if you're shipping product, writing product,
you don't want this only any sort of like bias
or weird thing like the AI could go crazy.
- Yeah, there are examples of AIs going crazy before
like Tay, do you remember Microsoft Tay?
- I don't know that one, but I know of other examples.
- Yeah, I mean, it came out and it was like this sort of
just, you know, I'm here to learn from you internet and people just turned it
into a racist and made it do all sorts of horrible things.
And they had to shut it down a couple of days later because it just, it's like,
Whoa, it met the internet and the internet is mean. So, that's not great.
Yeah. Train it on a four Chan or let it, you know,
go crawl for Shannon and read it.
And that's not always going to be nice.
Right. I mean, you, you,
you don't entirely control what's going to come out of those things. And so.
Yeah, I would say a little more predictable, right? And it's not
even like you don't entirely control. Yeah, like basically,
you know, control might be a complete illusion, like even the
people working at open AI don't fully understand what's
happening in there. Yeah, like, well, it read a bunch of stuff,
and it's predicting the next word, and it gets most things
right. By the way, like they do a lot around this idea of like,
not necessarily TDD, but there's a whole eval framework
so you can submit your evaluation functions to OpenAI.
And as they train the next version of things,
they include that in what their evaluation system
for the new thing.
So say, if I wanted to go and contribute back
a bunch of like text to SQL type use cases
as they call evals,
then they would take that into consideration
when they train the next models.
All right, so going down the list, reducing risk, right?
So you're integrating some of that beast
that's not fully tamed into your product.
You probably wanna make sure it's tamed enough
to live inside your product.
Continuous improvements,
that should have been maybe the first one in the list
is you're iterating on your prompts,
you're trying to figure out a past context,
you're trying different model versions,
maybe you're trying some open source models
or the latest GPT cheaper and greater thing.
So you wanna make sure that as you iterate,
you're getting to the actual outcomes
that you want systematically.
Then performance measurement too,
of like how long does it take?
How much does it cost?
You kind of need to have a handle on that.
The new model might be 3% better on your corpus of tests,
but it might be six times the price.
Like do you want, are you okay with that?
- Right, right.
Or just from a user perspective, yeah.
Time to interaction, that's one thing with AI
we're realizing now is a lot of the prompts on four
will be like one to seven seconds,
which in the Google era,
there's been some really great papers out of Google
early on that prove that it's like 100 milliseconds
as an impact on user behaviors and how long they stay.
- Right.
Yeah, people give up on checkout flows or whatever
going to the next part of your site,
measurably on 100 millisecond blocks, right?
When you're talking, well, here's 70 of those,
that's gonna have an effect, potentially.
- Oh, it has, it has been proven and very intricate
in usage patterns, session duration, session outcomes,
right, and a second is a mountain.
If today, like we were to A/B test Google
between whatever millisecond it's at now,
to just one second or half a second,
that the results coming out of that A/B test
would show very, very different behaviors.
- Wow.
- I think there's some, no quote me on it,
there's some really great papers, you know,
written on TTI and just time to interaction
and the way it influence user behavior.
So we're still, you know, in the AI world,
it has to, if you're gonna wait two to seven seconds
for your prompt to come back,
it's gotta add some real,
some real important value to what's happening.
- Yeah, it does.
I think it's interesting that it's presented as a chat.
I think that gives people a little bit of a pause.
Like, oh, it's talking to me.
So let's let it think for a second
rather than it's a website
that's supposed to give me an answer.
- Yeah, compared to then I guess your basis for comparison
is a human, not a website or not comparing against Google.
- Yeah, I ask it a really hard question.
Give it some time, right?
Like that's not normally how we think about these things.
Okay, so you have a kind of a workflow
from this engineering, building a product,
testing like an AI inside of your product.
if you wanna walk us through your workflow here.
- Yeah, and if you, I think I looked at TDD,
you know, and originally what is the normal
like TDD type workflow?
And I just adapted this little diagram
to prompt engineering, right?
'Cause the whole idea of the blog post
is to bring prompt engine, like TDD mindset
to prompt engineering.
So this is where I went, but yeah, the workflow is like,
okay, define the use case and desired AI behavior.
what are you trying to solve with AI?
In my case, the example that I'll use
and try to reuse throughout this presentation
is throughout this conversation is, you know, text to SQL.
So like we're trying to, what a user prompt,
what a database schema, get the AI to generate
good useful SQL, find the right tables and columns to use,
that kind of stuff, create test cases.
So it's like, okay, if I have this database
and I have this prompt, give me my top five salary
per department on this HR dataset,
there's a fairly deterministic output to that.
You could say the SQL is not necessarily deterministic,
there's different ways to write that SQL,
but there's a deterministic data frame
or results set that might come up.
- There is a right answer of the top five salaries.
- That's right.
- So you can see like, am I getting, ultimately get that.
- And it's great if it is deterministic
'cause you can test it.
If you try to use AI to say write an essay about
Napoleon Bonaparte's second conquest,
in less than 500 words, it's not as deterministic
and it's hard to test whether the AI is doing good or not.
So you might need human evaluators.
But I would say in most AI product,
or people are trying to bring AI to their product,
in many cases, more deterministic.
So another example of like more deterministic would say like,
oh, getting, if you say getting AI to write Python functions,
it's like, oh, write a function that, you know,
returns if a number is prime, yes or no,
like that you can get the function and test it
in a deterministic kind of way.
So anyways, just pointing out, it's better,
you're only gonna be able to have a TDD mindset
if you have like somewhat deterministic outcome
to the, you wanna use the AI for.
Then create a Promp generator.
So that would be your first version
or in the text to SQL example,
it's given the 20 tables in this database
and this columns and table names and data types
and sample data, generate SQL that answers
the following user prompt.
And then the user prompt would say something
like department by top five salary per department.
And then we're getting for people
that are not on the visual stream,
not YouTube, but on just audio,
we're getting into the loop here
where it's like run the test,
evaluate the results,
refine the test, refine the prompts,
and then start over.
Right, and probably compile the results,
keep track of the results
so that you can compare,
not just like, are you 3% better on your test cases,
but also did you,
which tests that used to fail succeed now,
which tests that used to fail?
and succeed, fail now.
And then once you're happy with the level of success
you have, you can integrate the prompt into the product
or maybe upgrade.
- Ship it.
- Yeah, ship it.
So I think it's probably a good time to jump over
to your framework for this,
because pytest and other testing frameworks in Python
are great, but they're pretty low level
compared to these types of questions
you're trying to answer, right?
like how has this improved over time for,
I was doing 83% right, right?
pytest asserts a true or a false.
It doesn't assert that 83% is.
- Yeah, and it's a part of CI,
like if any of your pytest fail,
you're probably gonna not CI, not allow CI,
not even merge the PR, right?
So one thing that's different between
test-driven development and unit testing
and prompt engineering is that the outcome is probabilistic.
It's not true or false.
It might just be like zero or one, right?
Where, or a spectrum, you know, it fails.
For a specific test, you're like,
oh, if it gets this column, but not this other column,
you succeed at, you know, 50%.
So it's non-binary.
It's also, you don't need perfection to ship.
You just need better than the previous version
or good enough to start with.
So the mindset is, so there's a bunch of differences.
And for those interested, we won't get into the blog post.
I think I list out the things that are different
between the two.
I think it's a little bit above this,
but the first thing I wanna say is like the level
of ambition of this project versus say an Airflow
is super set is like very low, right?
So it's maybe more similar to a test, a unit test library
and no discredit to the great awesome
like unit test libraries out there,
but you would think those are fairly simple
and straightforward,
which is the information architecture of a pytest
is probably simpler than the information architecture
of a Django for instance, right?
It's just like a different thing.
And here the level of ambition is much low,
and much, you know, for this is fairly simple.
So Promptomize is something that I created,
which is a toolkit to help people write,
to evaluate and score and understand
while they iterate on their,
while doing prompt engineering.
But so in this case, I think I talk about the use case
I preset, which is we have a big corpus
that luckily was contributed by,
I forgot which university,
but a bunch of PhD people did a text to SQL contest.
- I think it was Yale.
- Yale, yeah.
- I think it was Yale, yeah.
- So great people at Yale were like,
"Hey, we're gonna generate 3000 prompts on 200 databases
with the SQL that should be the outcome of that."
It's a big test set so that different researchers
working on text to SQL can compare their results.
So for us, we were able to take that test set
some of our own test sets and run it at scale against, you know, OpenAI or against
LLAMA or against different models. And by doing that, we're able to evaluate like,
you know, this particular combo of like this prompt engineering methodology with
this model generates, you know, 73% accuracy. And we have these reports we
can compare, you know, fairly easily which prompts that, as I said before, were
or failing before succeeding now and vice versa.
So you think, am I actually making progress here
or going backwards?
And if you try to do that on your own,
like if you're crafting your prompt,
just anecdotally and try on five or six things,
like you quickly realize like,
oh shit, I'm gonna need to really test
out of a much broader range of this
and then some rigor methodology around that.
- So right, how you remember and go back and go,
this actually made it better, right?
'Cause it's hard to keep all that in your mind, yeah.
- Yeah, and something interesting that I'm realizing
to work on this stuff is like,
everything is changing so fast, right?
The models are changing fast,
the prompting windows are changing fast,
the vector databases, which is a way
that organize and structure a context for your prompts,
evolving extremely fast.
So it feels like you're working on unsettled ground
in a lot of ways, like a lot of stuff you're doing
might be challenged by, you know,
the BART API came out last week,
Maybe it's better at SQL generation
and then it got to throw everything that I did on OpenAI.
But here's something you don't throw away.
Your test library and your use cases.
- Right.
- Maybe is the thing, is the real asset here.
The rest of the stuff is like,
oh yeah, it's moving so fast that all the mechanics
of the prompt engineering itself
and the interface with the whatever model
is the best at the time,
you're probably gonna have to throw away
as this evolves quickly, but your test library
is something really, really solid that you can perpetuate
or like, you know, keep improving
and bringing along with you along the way.
So it's kind of an interesting thought around that.
- Yeah, let's talk to this,
let's talk through this example you have on Promptimize
is GitHub, read me here to give it,
make it a little concrete for people like,
how do you actually write one of these tests?
- Yeah, so there's different types of prompts,
But yeah, what I wanted to get to was just like,
what is the prompt and how do you evaluate it?
And then behind the scene, we're gonna be discovering
all your prompts and running them
and compiling results and reports, right?
And doing analytics and making it easy
to do analytics on it.
The examples that we have here,
and I'll try to be conscious of both the people
who can read the code and people who don't,
maybe the people who are just on audio.
But here from Proptimize, the prompt,
we import a simple prompt.
And then we bring some evals that are just like utility
functions around evaluating the output
of what comes back from the AI.
And here the first prompt case in the model,
here I just create an array or a list of prompt cases.
So a prompt case is like a test case.
And with this prompt case, this very simple one,
I say, "Hello there!"
And then I evaluate that as says, you know, either hi or hello in the output, right?
So if any of the words exist and what comes back, I give it a one or a zero.
Framework allows you to, you could say, oh, it has to have both these words or give the percentage of success based on the number of words from this list that it has.
But that's the first case.
The second one is a little bit more complicated,
but name the top 50 guitar players of all time, I guess.
And I make sure that Frank Zappa is in the list
'cause I'm a Frank Zappa fan here.
But you could have a different, you could say,
hey, I wanna make sure that at least three out of five
of these are in the list.
So those are very more natural language,
very simple tests too.
You know, just so that's the hello world essentially.
And then, you know, we're showing some examples
of what's happening behind the scene.
We'll actually like call, you know, the underlying API,
get the results, run your eval function and compile a report.
What was the prompt?
What was, oh, a bird just flew into my room.
- Inside.
- That's gonna make the podcast interesting.
Oh my goodness. Okay.
That might be a first year.
That is nuts.
Oh, well, it's out of my room.
Guess what? There's other people in that house.
I'm just going to close the door to my room.
Deal with it later.
all right.
Well, that's, that's a first.
I've had a bat fly into my house once, but, never a bird.
So both are crazy.
How, how interesting.
This is the first on the podcast out of eight years,
we've never had a bird, wild animal enter the studio of the guest.
Yes.
Well, I live in Tahoe, so I guess that's something that's better than a bear.
You know, it is better than there.
All right.
but yeah, so like just like keep it enumerated, kind of what
we're, we see in visually here.
you know, we'll keep a YAML file as the report output.
So in Promptimize, you have your test case
or your prompt cases, like test cases.
You have an output report that says,
for this prompt case, here's the key.
Here's what the prompt that was actually
the user input that came in.
Here's what the prompt look like.
What was the response, the raw response from the API?
What are all the tasks?
How long did it run?
So a bunch of metadata and relevant information
that we can use later to create these reports.
So you're like, was the score zero or one?
So you got the whole output report here.
- Yeah, okay.
And then you also have a way to get like a report.
I'm not sure, maybe I scroll past, sorry.
Where it shows you how it did, right?
I think that was in your-
- I think at the blog post,
do you see a much more complex?
- There you go, yeah.
- So this one, we're running the spider dataset
that I just, that I talked about.
Remember, it's like the Yale generated text to SQL competition corpus.
So here we looked at, you know, my percentage of success is 70%.
So, you know, here you say weight and score.
So there's a way to say, oh, this particular prompt case is 10 times more important than another one, right?
So you can do a relative importance of weight of your different text cases.
Now, one thing we didn't mention too, is like all these tests are generated programmatically too.
So that it's the same philosophy behind Airflow of like,
it's almost like a little DSL to write your test case.
So you could read from a YAML file, for instance,
in the case of what we do with Spyder SQL,
there's a big JSON file of all the prompts
and all the databases,
and then we dynamically generate 1000 tests based on that.
So you can do programmatic test definition,
so more and more dynamic if you want it to be,
or you could do more static if you prefer that.
So in this case, we're doing,
we introduced this idea of a category too.
So I mentioned like there's some features in Promptomize
like categorizing your tests or weights,
and things like that.
So here we'll do some reporting on per category,
what is the score per category?
You can see which database is performing well
or poorly again.
So I could have another category that is large database,
small databases and see how that what the score is.
and compare reports.
- It's pretty cool that it saves the test run to a file
that then you can ask questions about
and write and generate this report on
rather than just running it and passing or failing, right?
- Yeah, or like giving the output
and then having to run it again.
Yeah, there's some other features around if,
so you can memoize the test.
So because it has a reports,
if you like, you know, exit off of it or restart it later,
it won't rerun the same tests if it's the same hash input.
Even though with AI you might get a different answer
with the same input, but at least in this case
it will say like, hey, I'm rerunning the same prompt
instead of like waiting five seconds for open AI
and then paying the tokens and paying the piper,
you know, I'm just gonna skip that.
So there's some logic around
skipping what's been done already.
- Right, yeah, that's really cool.
because it's not just a couple of milliseconds to run it.
It could be a while to get the answers.
- Yeah, also like your early libraries,
I haven't written the sub, the threading for it
where you can say like, oh, run it on eight threads.
So that's like, you know, things to improve the,
the real leap is what we're talking.
Uh-oh, we might have lost Max, folks.
Hang tight.
Hey Max, are you back?
I'm back.
Apologies.
So I think my laptop's got some ports that it won't charge into.
>> Yeah.
>> Hopefully, too much [INAUDIBLE] Apologies for people on like,
we got the bird, now we got me running out of power.
>> [LAUGH] >> But we still have one.
>> Maybe the bird had eaten your power cable or something, right?
>> There could be a relationship between a compounding effect there.
But yeah, what I was gonna say is I would prompt them, I think, and
you know, the blog post is probably more impactful
than the Python project itself.
If the Python project takes off
and a bunch of people are using it to test prompts
and contribute to it, it's great.
But I think it's more like,
okay, this is uncharted territory,
working with an AI type interface.
And then it's more like,
how do we best do that as practitioners
or as people building products?
I think that's the big idea there.
Then the test library, you could probably write your own.
Like I think for me, that was like a one or two week project.
The way that I would like to say as like normally,
if it wasn't for getting all the help from ChatGPT on,
it's like, I'm creating a project,
I'm setting up my setup.py,
setup tools is always a little bit of a pain in the ass.
And then I'm like, can you help me create like my setup.py
and then generate some code.
And I'm like, oh, I want to make sure that the PyPI is going to get my read me from GitHub.
I forgot how to read the markdown and pass the stuff.
Can you do that for me?
And then Chedjiviti generates this stuff very nicely.
Right.
I want to make sure I use my request that requirements of TXT inside my dynamically building my setup tools integration.
Can you do that for me?
And it's just like, bam, bam, bam, like all that repetitive stuff.
I need to find Chedjiviti.
It's incredible.
- Me? - Go ahead.
- Yeah, I kind of want to close out the conversation with that.
I do agree that the blog post is super powerful in how it kind of teaches you to think
about how might you go about testing, integrating with an AI and these types of products, right?
Much like TDD brought a way to think about how do we actually apply the concept just,
well, I have things and I can test them with this assert thing. How should I actually go
about building software, right? So this is kind of that for AI integrated software. So it's
certainly worth people watching. Let's just close it out with, you kind of touched on some of those
things there. How do you recommend that people leverage things like ChatGPT to help them build
their apps or how to use AI to kind of amp up your software development?
>> 100%, I mean, it's been a lot of people report on Twitter,
people used to Google all the problems that they had while writing code.
And using a lot of Stack Overflow, I don't know what the stats on Stack Overflow
traffic, but once you try working with ChatterGPT to do coding,
you probably don't go back to those other flows of, I don't know,
It's like putting your error message or stack trace into Google and
then go into a bunch of Stack Overflow link and try to make sense of what comes out.
To me, it's been so much better to go just with ChatGPT and
there's a conversation there too.
So say for instance, if I'm in proptomize, I needed a function to say,
can you write, I wrote that function before, but it's a can you crawl a certain
given folder and look for modules that contain objects of a certain class?
and then bring that back and you have to use the import lib
and just a little bit of pain in the ass to write this.
It writes a function that works pretty well.
Then I'm like, "Oh, I forgot to ask you
"to look into lists and dictionaries.
"Can you do that too?"
Then it does that in a second.
It's like, "Oh, you didn't have type hints
"and duck string and duck test.
"Can you write that too?"
And it's a bang, bang, bang,
and just like copy paste in your utils file and it works.
and you save like two hours, you know?
- I think it would be really good at those things
that are kind of algorithmic.
Now, you might, they might be the kind of thing
that you would do on a whiteboard job interview test, right?
It just, it's just gonna know that really, really solid.
It actually, but it knows quite a bit
about the other libraries and stuff that are out there.
- It's insane, yeah.
So one thing that I came across is I wanted,
I leveraged something called Lankchain,
which pointed to people getting interested
in prompt engineering.
There's a really good,
well, the library link chain is really interesting.
It's not perfect, it's new, it's moving fast,
but encourage people to check it out.
Also like 41,000 stars, so very-
- I know that's nuts, right?
And it's in Python.
- Yes, you can do like, yeah, it's in Python too.
You should talk to whoever is writing this or started this.
But yeah, you can chain some prompt
to say like the output of a prompt will generate the next one.
There's this idea of agents.
There's this idea of estimating tokens before doing the request.
There's a bunch of really cool things that it does.
To me, the docs are not that comprehensive.
There's someone else that created, if you Google "Lang chain cookbook", you'll find
someone else that wrote what I thought was more
comprehensive way to start.
This one has a YouTube video and an IP1B file
introduces you to the concept in an interactive way.
I thought that was really, really good.
But yeah, so we were trying to, I was trying to use this.
I was like, oh, can you generate a bunch of like
land chain related stuff?
I was like, I don't know of a project calling chain.
It was created after 2021.
So that was like, I wish I could just say like,
just go read the GitHub, you know, just read it all,
read the docs and then I'll ask you questions.
And then Chajupiti is not that great at that currently,
at learning things that doesn't know,
for reasons we talked about.
Bard is much more up to date.
So you can always for those projects,
you know, Chajupiti might be better at Django
'cause it's old and settled
and it's better at writing code overall,
the Bard might be decent, pretty good.
- Right, if you ask advice on how to do prompt demise stuff,
it's like, I don't know what that is.
- Yeah, it's like, I've never heard of,
it might elucidate too.
I think if you'd go and make sure that,
like I've seen it,
like prompt demise sounds like it would be this
and it just makes up stuff.
So, not that great.
But yeah, absolutely, I encourage people to try,
for any subtasks that you're trying to do
to see if it can help you at it
and maybe try a variation on the prompt.
And then if it's not good at it, do it the old way.
But yeah, it might be better too
for those familiar with the idea of functional programming
where each function is more deterministic
and can be reasoned about and unit test in an isolation.
ChaiGPT is gonna be better at that
'cause it doesn't know about all your other packages
and modules.
So really great for the utils functions
a very deterministic, functional, super great at that.
Another thing is, and you tell me when we run out of time,
but another thing that was really interesting too,
of bringing some of the concept and promptimize
and writing the blog post itself.
- Right.
- And things like, hey, I'm thinking about the difference
of the properties of test-driven development
as it applies for prompt engineering.
Here's my blog post, but can you think
of other differences between the two that are very core.
Can you talk about the similarities and the differences?
And it would come up with just really, really great ideas,
brainstorming and just very smart at mixing concepts.
- I do think one thing that's not a great idea
is just say, "Write this for me."
But if you've got something in mind
and you're gonna say, "Give me some ideas,"
or, "Where should I go deeper into this?"
and then you use your own creativity to create that,
that's a totally valid use.
I wouldn't feel like, oh, I'm reading this AI crap, right?
It just, it brought out some insights
that you had forgot to think about
and now you are, right?
- Or when it fails, it's just saying like,
I got it to fail, AI is wrong, I'm smarter than it.
You're like, wait, is there something,
can I try to, you know, here's what it didn't get right
and why, like, what did I need to tell it?
So you can go and edit your prompt or ask a follow-up
and generally it will do better and well.
- Yeah, I think also you can ask it to find bugs
or security vulnerabilities.
- Yeah.
- Right, you're like, here's my 30 line function.
Do you see any bugs?
Do you see any security vulnerabilities?
Like, yeah, you're passing this straight to,
you're concatenating the string in the SQL
or something like that.
- Yeah, the rigor stuff too,
or like, I would say writing a good doc string,
writing doc tests, writing unit tests,
reviewing the logic, that kind of stuff.
It does, type hints, right?
If you're like me, I don't really like
to write type hints up front,
but I'm like, can you just sprinkle some type hints
on top of that?
- Retrofit this thing for me.
- Yeah, that's it, just make it production grade.
You know, one thing that's interesting too,
of like, you would think I'm a big TDD guy,
like I don't do test driven.
(laughing)
It's just not my thing.
I like to write code, I don't think of what I'm gonna use the function for
and before I write it.
But it's good at generating unit tests for a function too.
And then I think what's interesting with Promptimize too is you might,
I think you want deterministic, what I call prompt cases or test cases.
But you can say, I've written five or
six of these can you write variations on that theme too.
So you can use it to generate test cases
in the case of like TDD,
but also the opposite, like for promptimize,
you can get it to generate stuff dynamically too.
- Yeah, it's pretty amazing.
It is pretty neat.
Let's maybe close this out,
but I'll ask you one more question.
- Okay, can I do one more?
Can I show one more?
This is the Python podcast.
- Get in there, let's do it.
If you go on that repo for Promptomize under examples,
there's one called Python examples.
- There we go, all right.
Examples. - Examples.
- Yeah, Python examples. - Python examples.
So if you scroll down a little bit further
where you'll see a list of tests,
a little bit further still.
- Here we go, something like this.
- Yeah, something like this, so they stop right here.
So say here it says,
So here I wrote a prompt that asks the bot
to generate Python function.
Then I sandbox it and bring the function
I wrote into the interpreter.
And then I test it.
So I say, write a function that tests
if a number is a prime number and returns a Boolean.
And then I test, I have six test cases for it.
So write a function that finds the greatest common denominator
of two numbers, right?
And then behind the scene, if we won't get
to the class above, the class above,
like basically interacts with it, gets the input,
then runs the test and compiles the results, right?
So we could test, you know, how well 3.5 compares to four,
but I thought it was relevant for the Python folks
on the line.
So we're testing out, it is that writing Python.
- Write a function that generates the Fibonacci sequence.
Yeah.
- Up to a certain number of terms, right?
It's easy to test.
So it's cool stuff.
What was your last question?
- Oh, I was gonna say something like,
see how far we can push it.
Write a Python function to use requests
and beautiful soup to scrape the titles
of episodes of Talk Python To Me.
- Oh yeah, and there, yeah, it is.
And if you don't have a, you know,
one thing that's a pain in the butt for podcast people
is to write like what all we talk about.
So you use another AI to get the transcripts.
It's like, can you write something
that's gonna leverage this library
to transcript the library, summarize it
and publish it back with SEO in mind.
- Yeah, it's really quite amazing.
It went through and said, okay, here's a function
and it knows talkbython.evm/episodes/all.
Hughes H, get the title.
And let's just finish this out, Max.
I'll throw this into a--
- An interpreter, see if it runs.
- Interpreter, and I'll see if I can get it to run.
- Hey, you know what's really interesting too,
is like you can give it a random function,
like you can write a function and say like,
if, you know, write a certain function
that does certain things, and you say,
"If I give this input to this function,
"what is it gonna come out of?"
And it doesn't have an interpreter,
but it can interpret code like you and I do, right?
Like an interview question of like,
hey, here's a function if I input a three as a value,
what's gonna come and what's gonna return.
So it's able to do the follow the loops,
follow the if statements and basically just do a logical.
- Yeah, another thing I think would be really good
is to say, here's a function, explain to me what it does.
- Oh yeah, it's super great at that.
It's great at that for SQL too.
Here's a stupid long SQL query.
Can you explain to me?
- Yeah, it's like, the explanation is on,
can you just summarize that in a hundred words?
- Let's go step by step.
Let's do step by step.
What's this do?
- But yeah, I mean, maybe a closing statement is like,
this stuff is changing our world.
Like for me, I'm interested in how it's changing,
how we're building products, you know?
But the core things as a data practitioner,
as a Python expert, as a programmer,
it's really changing the way people work day after day.
faster than we all think.
And you might understand pretty well,
it's changing your daily workflow as a software engineer,
but it's changing people's workflow through chemistry
or like in every field, there's a lot we can leverage here
if you use it well.
- Right, take this idea and apply it to,
whatever vertical you wanna think of,
It's doing the same thing there, right?
Medicine all over.
Yeah, 100%, 100%.
All right, well, let's call it a wrap.
I think we're out of time here.
So really quick before we quit, PyPI package I recommend.
Maybe something AI-related that you found recently.
Like, oh, this thing's cool.
People should check it out.
>>Proptimize, I think it would be something to check out.
I think there's something called future tools
that you could try to navigate there,
but it shows like all of the AI powered tools
that are coming out and it's hard to keep up.
- Yeah, yeah, I think I have seen that, yeah.
- And then if you wanna keep up on a daily
with what's happening in AI, there's TLDR AI,
they have like a DL with relevant lists for the day.
I think that's a, it's hard to stay on.
I prefer like their weekly digest of what's going on in AI.
- Just a stream of information.
- Yeah, it's kind of dizzying and it's like,
oh, this new model does this.
Like I've got to change everything to that.
And then something else that if you update
the correct course too often,
and it's just like, you know, do nothing.
'Cause you're like, the foundation's shifting
too fast under you, so.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Well, very cool.
And then final question, you're gonna write some pilot code.
What editor are you using these days?
- I'm a Vim user.
Yeah, I know it's not the best.
I'd like, I know all the limitation,
but it's like muscle memory.
And I'm a UX guy now working on supersets.
I do appreciate the development of all the new IDEs
and the functionality that they have.
I think it's amazing.
It's just like, for me, it's all,
Like I know all my bash commands and big commands
and my muscle memory.
So I just do things that way still.
- Absolutely.
All right, well, Max, thanks for coming on the show,
helping everyone explore this wild new frontier
of AI and large language models.
And for creating-
- Yeah, well, exploring it while we're still relevant
because I don't know how long we're gonna be relevant for.
So yeah.
- Yeah.
Enjoy it while we can, right?
Get out there.
[LAUGHTER]
Either control the robots or be controlled by them.
So get on the right side of that.
All right, thanks again.
Yeah, see you later.
Yeah, as always.
Bye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]